welcome to the man of recaps this is
survivor winners at war episode 8 we
start right off at the edge of
extinction where it's time for the
return challenge yes one of them will
win their way back in the game they have
to decide how to spend their fire tokens
you can buy up to three advantages in
the challenge for one fire token each
but you can also spend three tokens on
an immunity idol so if you win the
challenge you come back in with an idol
in your pocket the people with a lot of
fire tokens are Boston Rob and Natalie
and crazily both of them decide to take
that Idol and only buy one advantage in
the challenge I'm no master strategist
but I think winning the challenge should
be first priority instead of spending
three fire tokens on an idol you might
not even get then Jeff brings in the 11
players still in the game and you know
what time it is
everybody drop your bombs yes it's merge
time we are one big tribe it's a cool
like black dark purple buff and they get
to watch the edge of extinction or fight
for the final spot it's a classic
challenge there untying some knots those
who spent to fire token can grab their
next bag but the rest of them got a dig
for it then it's the classic where
you've got to tie together these thin
sticks and get it through there to hook
the key and bring it back Boston Rob is
through first it's the final section
where you have to navigate the ball up
the snake ramp
nataly's right behind him she's been on
the edge longer than anybody this could
be her comeback story everyone's giving
it their all they don't want to go back
to the edge they want back in this game
but at the end it is Boston Rob and
Tyson neck-and-neck at that top of the
puzzle they're both right there who's
gonna get it first
it's Tyson yeah the peanut butter man
the power of peanut butter carried him
back into the game for the rest of them
huge disappointment they're headed back
to the edge of extinction they're not
out of this game yet there will be one
more chance to win your way back in for
the 12th players still in it it is the
merge feast spirits are high everyone's
happy to be here but immediately the
questions are who can I trust you have
the relationships you made on your
original tribe and then the new ones you
made on the swapped tribe it's a big
melting pot right now or as Sarah says
bowl of spaghetti plus there's the
people you haven't played with yet and
the first to reach out is Jeremy and
Wendel apparently they met before in the
outside world and have a good bond
Jeremy's like hey man let's work
together like who's in your Alliance
Wendel tells him that Nick is his
current number one ally but this gives
Jeremy a target he wants to be Wendell's
number one Tyson gets back into it with
the same
plan he had before the big targets
should stick together that way they're
all shielding each other in their minds
the big targets are just the biggest
guys to make it a little Alliance going
Tyson been Tony and Jeremy they want to
target the players who are more under
the radar it goes back to Tony's lines
and hyenas metaphor I want to keep the
higher profile threats us lions in the
game and Nick is a player that is that I
you know that I've talked about the next
day strategizing comes to a stop because
it's pouring rain it's time for their
first individual immunity challenge but
part of the challenge is just being here
in the rain
they look really cold the challenge is
the survivor classic hold on to the pole
longer than anyone else yeah if you're
new to the show the team challenges are
these cool obstacle courses but the
individual immunities are often just
tests of pure endurance and willpower
there will be two winners this time the
last man and woman standing Michele
drops first with Oh a big fall don't
worry she's okay after that they start
dropping like flies this is really
difficult Denise and Kim are the two
last women and it's Kim who drops first
Denise wins immunity this is an
important win for Denise after everyone
heard how she tricked and voted out
Sandra it put an easy first target on
her for the guys it comes down to Jeremy
and Nick they're holding on as long as
they can Jim and their toes in there and
it is Nick who drops first Jeremy wins
immunity
this puts Jeremy right where he wants to
be he's ready to take control of this
game I want to drive with things but I
don't want everybody else to know that
I'm driving this thing without putting
any names out there himself he guides
Ben to suggest either Nick or Wendel so
right on plan Jeremy's like hey I think
we can work with Wendell let's vote out
Nick it's an easy sell they're all sort
of annoyed by Nick because I guess he
has a habit of butting into
conversations which they show with a
hilarious montage of Nick just creeping
in from off-screen what's up man what's
up man
is feeling water all right so the big
threat boys are in but the tricks gonna
be selling it to the rest of the tribe
Sophie immediately recognizes exactly
what's happening and calls out Jeremy's
entire plan so she keeps the Nick or
Wendell option but shifts it to Wendell
blowing up Jeremy's plan no he can't try
to turn it back on Nick if you seem to
care too much people know you've got a
plot going so to keep Wendell he's got
to shift people to a new target and
picks Adam Adams also an easy sell he's
sort of alienated himself this season by
flipping sides too much Adams only real
tight ally in the game right now is
Denise
Jeremy talks to Dan
to see where she's at and she's like
yeah I mean I like Adam but if the tribe
wants to vote him I'll vote him off
Adam and I created a day one alliance
but that may not be a day 39 Alliance so
it's Tribal Council time and they bring
in the players from the edge of
extinction yeah everyone gets to be on
the jury this season the vote is still
up in the air from what we've seen
Jeremy convinced most people to switch
to Adam but Sophie was adamant she's
sticking with the Wendel plan when the
votes come out there's three on Adam
right away but then it's a blitz on
Wendel looks like Jeremy's not driving
this bus after all it seems like Sophie
is the one with her and secretly got in
the wheel but who voted for who did
Michelle turn on Wendel her suppose it a
lie but also awkward anchor ex-boyfriend
if she did she played it just right cuz
Wendel gives her one of her fiery tokens
the fire token she gave him and wanted
back all along who's the real power
directing this game find out next week
on Survivor
hit that subscribe button for more of
the best recaps of TV and movies and
click the join button to support the
channel and be a recap champion